A computer is an electronic device that stores and processes data.

They have the following major hardware components:
	§ A central processing unit (CPU)
	§ Memory (main memory)
	§ Storage devices (disk and CD)
	§ Input devices (mouse, keyboard)
	§ Output devices (monitors and printers)
	§ Communication devices (modems and network interface cards)

2.1. Central Processing Unit
The central processing unit (CPU) is the computer's brain. It retrieves instructions from the memory and executes them.
The CPU usually has two components: a control unit and a arithmetic/logic unit. The control unit controls and
coordinates the actions of the other components. The arithmetic/logic unit performs numeric operations and logical
operations.

2.2. Bits and Bytes
A computer is really nothing more than a series of switches. Each switch exits in two states: on or off. Storing
information in a computer is simply a matter of setting a sequence of switches on or off. If the switch is on, its
value is 1. If the switch is off, its value is O. They are called bits. The minimum storage unit is a computer is a
byte. A byte is composed of eight bits.

2.3. Memory
You can think of memory as the computer's work area for executing a program. A program and its data must be moved
into the computer's memory before they can be executed by the CPU.

2.4. Storage Devices
There are three main types of storage devices:
	§ Magnetic disk drives
	§ Optical disc drives (CD and DVD)
	§ Universal serial bus (USB) flash drives

2.5. Input and Output Devices
The Keyboard
A keyboard is a device for entering input.

The Mouse
A mouse is a pointing device.

The monitor
The monitor displays information (text and graphics).

2.6. Communication Devices
	§ A dial-up modem uses a phone line to dial a phone number to connect to the Internet and can transfer data at
	  a speed up to 56,000 bps (bits per second).
	§ A digital subscriber line (DSL) connection also uses a standard phone line, but it can transfer data 20 times
	  faster than a standard dial-up modem.
	§ A cable modem uses the cable line maintained by the cable company and is generally faster than DSL.
	§ A network interface card (NIC) is a device that connects a computer to a local area network (LAN).
	Wireless networking is now extremely popular in homes, businesses, and schools. Every laptop computer sold today
	is equipped with a wireless adapter that enables the computer to connect to the LAN and the Internet.
